# GovorimVmeste 0.1

This is a language sharing system. It's aim is to provide convenient tool to
find people who can help you learn desired language in your city. Let's say
your mother tongue is Russian, you've just moved in Germany and would like to
improve your German skills. You use this website to find people who speak
German and would like to learn Russian. The only information you get from the
web-site is age, gender and e-mail address. No photos, avatars or anything
from social networks. To learn the language you should meet the person in
real or start exchanging the letters using e-mail.

Besides, I wanted to introduce language learning concept to people in Russia by
making a website in Russian.

## CakePHP

The site is written using the CakePHP framework. This is my first usage of 
CakePHP and modern MVC framework in general. The source code may have little
interest as a final product, but it definetly will be usefull for beginners in
CakePHP. This small project covered some issues by examples.

## Installation
1. Get the source code.
2. Change security values in *core.php* file in *app/config/* directory.
3. Change you database connection parameters in *database.php* in *app/config/* 
directory.
4. Search for the *INSTALL* string through the source code. In general, you
should enter your reCaptcha keys and configure Mailer component.

## Dependencies
* [reCAPTCHA][http://www.google.com/recaptcha] to verify human presence. 
* [Environment][http://cakealot.com/2008/12/environment-and-database-config-easy-cakephp-deployment/]

## Code style

I used some autogenerated code. However, my code style is different from those
used CakePHP tool. This results in some code style disparity. I fix the auto 
generated code, when I am near it.

Last updated: 18.01.2011